# Computer-Graphics

      When I design software, I like to get an idea of what I want to do.  This means doing a little research.  In this current project that meant learning how to draw different types of shapes, and the instructor was good about posting examples of how to draw some of the shapes.  So, I took those examples as a guide in my own project to expand the on the basic shapes I already knew how to draw.  I also used some experimentation with how the textures lie on the shapes with the texture coordinates, it was kind of tricky getting the pattern to sit right on the pyramid and I had to draw it different in the paint program than it would appear in the scene.
      
      When I develop a program, I try to keep it well commented and modular if possible.  This is not always the way it goes and sometimes I have to declare some global variables to work as timers in my programs because I refer to the time they are keeping throughout the application.  In this scene I use some counters to act as delays for the turning on and off a light and also another counter that switches red flames on then yellow flames on to give the fire a flicker effect.  Other than that, I try to keep similar code together, I declare all the buffers together, set the textures in the same place, set the shape location arrays after there vertex points are set, and print all the shapes down in the active window loop.
      
      Computer science is really a great hobby of mine.  I really like working on code and it comes pretty natural to me.  It is fun to do, and I got a lot out of programming this 3D scene.  I would like to put these skills to work someday but I am unsure what that looks like for me.  I know school keeps me pretty busy and I like learning new things about computer science and technology.  My goal is to get a bachelor’s degree in software engineering, and I am getting closer with each class I take.
